README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h1>
    <img align="center" alt="obiWanFace" height="30" width="40" src="https://emojis.slackmojis.com/emojis/images/1645030248/53068/obi_wan.png?1645030248"><img align="center" alt="blueLightsaber" height="30" width="40" src="https://emojis.slackmojis.com/emojis/images/1643514347/3217/bluelightsaber.png?1643514347"> Hello There! I'm Max <img align="center" alt="redLightsaber" height="30" width="40" src="https://emojis.slackmojis.com/emojis/images/1643514354/3290/evillightsaber.png?1643514354"><img align="center" alt="darthVaderFace" height="30" width="40" src="https://emojis.slackmojis.com/emojis/images/1643514056/131/darth_vader.png?1643514056">
  </h1>
  <p>Full Stack Developer specializing in TypeScript, Python, and containerized applications. I build scalable web solutions and microservices architectures that deliver exceptional performance and user experiences.</p>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/maxh33">
    <img height="228" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=maxh33&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=apprentice&show=prs_merged,prs_merged_percentage"/>
    <img height="344" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=maxh33&size_weight=1&count_weight=0&theme=apprentice&langs_count=7&hide=html,CSS,scss&layout=donut"/>
  </a>
</div>

![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=maxh33&label=PROFILE+VIEWS)

<!--START_SECTION:waka-->
![Code Time](http://img.shields.io/badge/Code%20Time-498%20hrs%2046%20mins-blue)


<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

### Portfolio Website
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://maxhaider.dev/en)

## 🛠️ Technical Arsenal

### Languages & Frameworks
- **Frontend**: TypeScript, React, Next.js, Vue.js, Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap, Electron
- **Backend**: Python (Django, FastAPI), Node.js (TypeScript, Express), REST APIs
- **State Management**: Redux
- **Testing**: Cypress, Jest
- **Data & Analytics**: Pandas, PyTorch, Jupyter, PostgreSQL, MongoDB

### DevOps & Infrastructure
- **Containerization**: Docker, Docker Compose, GitHub Container Registry, Portainer
- **CI/CD**: GitHub Actions, Jenkins
- **Monitoring**: Prometheus, Grafana, Custom Health Checks
- **Cloud**: Google Cloud, Digital Ocean, AWS, Vercel, Cloudflare
- **Messaging**: RabbitMQ
- **Security & Networking**: Traefik, Nginx

### AI & Machine Learning
- AI Trainer (Outlier.ai)
- Local LLM implementation (Ollama, LM Studio, OpenWebUI)
- OpenAI API integrations
- Machine Learning with Python

## ✔️ Additional Experience
- **Languages**: English (C1), Portuguese (Native), Spanish (B1)
- **Scripting & Linux**: Bash, SSH, Ubuntu, Linux
- **Cloud & Virtualization**: AWS, GCP API Integration, Proxmox, Virtual Environments
- **Web Development**: WordPress, WooCommerce, Elementor, E-commerce
- **API & Integrations**: Various API integrations, Export via XML
- **Blockchain & Cryptocurrency**: Blockchain technologies, Crypto Mining
- **Data & Automation**:  Power Query, Custom Email Alias, Domain Setup
- **Email & Communication**: Email Alias, Domain Setup, SMTP, Mailtrap, SendGrid, Resend
- **ERP Systems**: Bling ERP, Tray Systems
- **Development Tools**: Figma, ESLint, Gulp, Postman, DBeaver, VSCode

## 🚀 Recent Projects

- **Containerized Web Infrastructure**: Complete Docker-based setup with Traefik, SSL, monitoring, and automated deployment
- **Real-Time Analytics Platform**: Microservices with Node.js, MongoDB, and RabbitMQ for social media metrics
- **E-commerce Optimization**: Performance-tuned WordPress/WooCommerce with 91/100 mobile PageSpeed
- **Food E-commerce Platform**: React, Redux, TypeScript application with multi-step checkout
- **Portfolio Website**: Next.js with TypeScript, i18n support, and responsive design

## 🌱 Currently Learning
- Advanced AI model training and optimization
- Distributed systems architecture
- Kubernetes orchestration
- N8N
- C#

<div align="center">
  <h2>📧 How to reach me: contact@maxhaider.dev</h2>
  
  [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxhaider/)
  [![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://www.youtube.com/@MaxH33dev)
  [![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://maxhaider.dev/en)
  [![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/maxhdev)
  [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/SJ9sKTmMjR)
</div>

Commit message:

Revise ERP Systems and expand recent projects list
Updated ERP Systems section and added recent projects details.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h1>
    <img align="center" alt="obiWanFace" height="30" width="40" src="https://emojis.slackmojis.com/emojis/images/1645030248/53068/obi_wan.png?1645030248"><img align="center" alt="blueLightsaber" height="30" width="40" src="https://emojis.slackmojis.com/emojis/images/1643514347/3217/bluelightsaber.png?1643514347"> Hello There! I'm Max <img align="center" alt="redLightsaber" height="30" width="40" src="https://emojis.slackmojis.com/emojis/images/1643514354/3290/evillightsaber.png?1643514354"><img align="center" alt="darthVaderFace" height="30" width="40" src="https://emojis.slackmojis.com/emojis/images/1643514056/131/darth_vader.png?1643514056">
  </h1>
  <p>Full Stack Developer specializing in TypeScript, Python, and containerized applications. I build scalable web solutions and microservices architectures that deliver exceptional performance and user experiences.</p>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/maxh33">
    <img height="228" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=maxh33&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=apprentice&show=prs_merged,prs_merged_percentage"/>
    <img height="344" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=maxh33&size_weight=1&count_weight=0&theme=apprentice&langs_count=7&hide=html,CSS,scss&layout=donut"/>
  </a>
</div>

![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=maxh33&label=PROFILE+VIEWS)

<!--START_SECTION:waka-->
![Code Time](http://img.shields.io/badge/Code%20Time-498%20hrs%2046%20mins-blue)


<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

### Portfolio Website
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://maxhaider.dev/en)

## 🛠️ Technical Arsenal

### Languages & Frameworks
- **Frontend**: TypeScript, React, Next.js, Vue.js, Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap, Electron
- **Backend**: Python (Django, FastAPI), Node.js (TypeScript, Express), REST APIs
- **State Management**: Redux
- **Testing**: Cypress, Jest
- **Data & Analytics**: Pandas, PyTorch, Jupyter, PostgreSQL, MongoDB

### DevOps & Infrastructure
- **Containerization**: Docker, Docker Compose, GitHub Container Registry, Portainer
- **CI/CD**: GitHub Actions, Jenkins
- **Monitoring**: Prometheus, Grafana, Custom Health Checks
- **Cloud**: Google Cloud, Digital Ocean, AWS, Vercel, Cloudflare
- **Messaging**: RabbitMQ
- **Security & Networking**: Traefik, Nginx

### AI & Machine Learning
- AI Trainer (Outlier.ai)
- Local LLM implementation (Ollama, LM Studio, OpenWebUI)
- OpenAI API integrations
- Machine Learning with Python

## ✔️ Additional Experience
- **Languages**: English (C1), Portuguese (Native), Spanish (B1)
- **Scripting & Linux**: Bash, SSH, Ubuntu, Linux
- **Cloud & Virtualization**: AWS, GCP API Integration, Proxmox, Virtual Environments
- **Web Development**: WordPress, WooCommerce, Elementor, E-commerce
- **API & Integrations**: Various API integrations, Export via XML
- **Blockchain & Cryptocurrency**: Blockchain technologies, Crypto Mining
- **Data & Automation**:  Power Query, Custom Email Alias, Domain Setup
- **Email & Communication**: Email Alias, Domain Setup, SMTP, Mailtrap, SendGrid, Resend
- **ERP Systems**: Odoo, Bling ERP, Tray Systems
- **Development Tools**: Figma, ESLint, Gulp, Postman, DBeaver, VSCode

## 🚀 Recent Projects
- **Odoo Multitenant Platform** Odoo 18 (Python) multi-tenant ERP with tenant templates, n8n automation and Docker/Trafik deployment,
  templates (jewelry, retail, manufacturing), automated workflows and deployment automation
- **KodaLabs CMS** TypeScript/Node headless CMS (Payload v2 + PostgreSQL) built for multi-tenant sites and VPS production with Docker and AI-driven content tools
- **Automation Platform** n8n automation workflows with cron and Telegram bots integration, self hosted on private VPS with CD/CD using GitHub Actions & security-scan
- **TOON Implementation** TypeScript + Python toolkit implementing the TOON format (encoder/decoder, CLI, framework adapters) for token-efficient LLM data  
  Includes npm package, Next.js/Django/Payload adapters, benchmarks (30–60% token savings), and Spec-Kit integration for spec-driven LLM workflows
- **PJ vs CLT Calculator** Next.js + TypeScript calculator for Brazilian tax comparisons with i18n, scenario planning and updated 2025 tax tables
  Built for accuracy and explainability with a config-driven engine, deployment docs and SEO-ready pages
- **KodaLabs Landing** TypeScript Next.js landing-site template with a flexible business configuration system, template variants and production deployment scripts,  
  Fast to customize and deploy, focused on agency/portfolio use-cases and professional presentations
- **PhantomRaven (npm vulnerability scanner)** CLI scanner + GitHub Action: integrity hash verification, trusted domain support, enhanced detection and CI/CD integration for supply-chain security
- **Containerized Web Infrastructure**: Complete Docker-based setup with Traefik, SSL, monitoring, and automated deployment
- **Real-Time Analytics Platform**: Microservices with Node.js, MongoDB, and RabbitMQ for social media metrics
- **E-commerce Optimization**: Performance-tuned WordPress/WooCommerce with 91/100 mobile PageSpeed
- **Food E-commerce Platform**: React, Redux, TypeScript application with multi-step checkout
- **Portfolio Website**: Next.js with TypeScript, i18n support, and responsive design

## 🌱 Currently Learning
- Distributed systems architecture
- Kubernetes orchestration
- .net, C#

<div align="center">
  <h2>📧 How to reach me: contact@maxhaider.dev</h2>
  
  [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxhaider/)
  [![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://www.youtube.com/@MaxH33dev)
  [![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://maxhaider.dev/en)
  [![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/maxhdev)
  [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/SJ9sKTmMjR)
</div>
